lemon juice just stops the mushrooms
discoloring little bit more butter in
there yeah and this is the easy bit
we're gonna just add some water
people generally wouldn't put water in
there but you're actually making an
emulsion a sauce with the butter and the
water as well absolutely I want that to
happen
I want the moisture to stay in the pan
because that's what we talked about
fricassee we're talking about creating a
source from its own cooking juices and
I'm just help that with a little bit of
the water and then the lid on top keep
that if you like to come in and get it
going
so this duck now George you just spread
this this is the honey and the Chinese
five-spice absolutely spread that on top
of the duck skin now and then I just put
some tarragon in there at this stage
it's really good
got a little whisk here when we're going
to most safai into the dish there's a
butter as well so touch more butter and
I've got some spinach which you're just
going to sew take off yep with some more
little bit if you use olive oil if you
think I'm getting a little bit carried
away with my so that's lovely resting
now so what do you at the moment you've
got obviously Billy part which is hugely
popular absolutely what about this
you've got this new new place in
Manchester yeah we bought a hotel in
Manchester so you don't just in between
the my business partner and ing friend
sort of I'm looking to create a
wonderful chain of hotels called abode
and in it you've got Michael Caine's
restaurant so it's certainly it's a
hotel with a food and beverage concept
right at the heart of it and we're going
to have a cafe bar a vibe bar and
downstairs we're gonna have this
wonderful champagne cocktail bar and
fine dining concert which would be good
which is going to be fine dining in a
modern sense because let's face it
Manchester the sophisticated city just
really kick it off now and it really
made an investment that you're seeing in
that city at the moment it's just
fantastic
so what we're going to choose James just
wilt down the spinach yeah and then
we're going to put that in the middle of
the plate nice little touch if you want
you can take some of that tiny spice
spice and put in there a little bit in
nutmeg or just a little bit of garlic in
there that's fine and you can actually
face face the duck now and again with
the honey so that it can see
used to go golden-brown so just a
spinach here wilted love you can smell
the honey follow guys absolute color and
it's such a quick thing to do these just
a quick dish this is we've got a very
short time to producer a main course and
you end up with a very tasty main course
which is fantastic we've also got a
large duck breast here this would
probably be a very generous portion but
I'm a very generous man thank you blimey
what are your food cost in life a lot of
people would look at that think wow it's
just a little bit to read for them but
you can't eat duck like this
I listen you know medium rare I prefer
to cook it but well done fine thank you
James you know well done it's okay
meeting with me doing well however you
want to cook it and this is it when
restaurants these days if you don't like
something cooked medium-rare then just
tell the waiting staff a chef these days
a lot more amicable than they used to be
go you know they don't for that
absolutely thank you very much
good see that JC got a change spoons I
know the the sauce just so military this
fabulous it is Tobin's at the herb that
everybody recognizes with chicken but
yes and it goes well with fish and it's
robust enough to go with that remembers
what that was against so honey roast
duck with Chinese five-spice with a
fricassee of wild mushrooms and wilted
spinach a genius
you